Markdoc: new README for Markdoc nodes (#7225)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/markdoc/README.md

})
```

### Set the root HTML element

> Markdoc wraps documents with an `article` tag by default. This can be changed from the `document` Markdoc node. This accepts an HTML element name or `null` if you prefer to remove the wrapper element:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Markdoc wraps documents with an `<article>` tag by default. This can be changed from the `document` Markdoc node. This accepts an HTML element name or `null` if you prefer to remove the wrapper element:
```
I like tags :sweat_smile:

```js
// markdoc.config.mjs
import { defineMarkdocConfig, nodes } from '@astrojs/markdoc/config';

export default defineMarkdocConfig({
  nodes: {
    document: {

>       render: null,

Reviewer: Can we show an HTML element here instead? I feel like `null` is the easier one to get correct. But, some might try `h2` and others `'h2'`, some might try `<h2>`...

Or, we could do something like:

```
render: null, // default 'article'
```
(Admittedly I wasn't sure exactly the syntax to use here! I assumed string?)

      // Apply Markdoc's defaults for other options
      ...nodes.document,
    },
  },
})
```

### Custom Markdoc nodes / elements

> You may want to render standard Markdown elements like paragraphs and bolded text with components. For this, you can configure a [Markdoc node][markdoc-nodes]. If a given node receives attributes, they will be available as component props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to render standard Markdown elements, such as paragraphs and bolded text, as Astro components. For this, you can configure a [Markdoc node][markdoc-nodes]. If a given node receives attributes, they will be available as component props.
```
I totally had to read this three times to not see "render standard Markdown elements as paragraphs..." :sweat_smile: I think this is what you mean?

This example renders blockquotes with a custom `Quote.astro` component:

```js
// markdoc.config.mjs
import { defineMarkdocConfig, nodes } from '@astrojs/markdoc/config';
import Quote from './src/components/Quote.astro';

export default defineMarkdocConfig({
  nodes: {
    heading: {
      render: Quote,
      // Apply Markdoc's defaults for other options
      ...nodes.blockquote,
    },
  },
})
```

📚 [Find all of Markdoc's built-in nodes and node attributes on their documentation.](https://markdoc.dev/docs/nodes#built-in-nodes)

### Use client-side UI components

> Tags and nodes are restricted to Astro components today. To embed client-side UI components, create a wrapper `.astro` file to import your component and apply a `client:` directive manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags and nodes are current restricted to `.astro` files. To embed client-side UI components in Markdoc, [use a wrapper `.astro` component that renders a framework component](/en/core-concepts/framework-components/#nesting-framework-components).
```
Would this be an appropriate link here? The "applying a client directive manually" feels a little off. As opposed to....? Don't we always have to write a client directive (manually)?

If this is mostly a reminder to use a client directive, you could also tack on something like:

> renders a framework component]() with your desired `client:` directive.

Author: Good edits! Seeing this written out, I want to take out "currently," since we probably _won't_ support this in the future. And yes, good link 👍

> This example wraps a `Aside.tsx` component with a `ClientAside.astro` wrapper:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example wraps a React `Aside.tsx` component with a `ClientAside.astro` wrapper:
```
I like calling out another framework here, for reinforcement. Also means we can ignore "a Aside" vs "an Aside".... :smile:

```astro
---
// src/components/ClientAside.astro
import Aside from './Aside';
---

<Aside {...Astro.props} client:load />
```

> This component can be passed to the `render` prop for any [tag][markdoc-tags] or [node][markdoc-nodes] in your config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Astro component can now be passed to the `render` prop for any [tag][markdoc-tags] or [node][markdoc-nodes] in your config:
```

```js
// markdoc.config.mjs
import { defineMarkdocConfig } from '@astrojs/markdoc/config';
import ClientAside from './src/components/ClientAside.astro';

export default defineMarkdocConfig({
  tags: {
    aside: {
      render: ClientAside,
      attributes: {
        type: { type: String },
      }
    },
  },
})
```

> 📚 To learn about configuring Prism stylesheets, [see our syntax highlighting guide.](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/markdown-content/#prism-configuration)

Reviewer: Oops! The added content split up the end of the Prism content!
